README.md, before:

# Productivity App

### Why Am making this:
Cause Why not.
but the main reason is that zig is very fast and good, and i am a really big fan of it
am not using any zig libs (cause i don't know how to use zig libs) and i dont want to use some c libs
cause using C libs gives you that you are writing in C but with some new syntax
So using only zig


### Current Features
now you can go to the todo app section and now you can add todos toggle them, and you can go back to the main screen
and then choose the notes app and add notes change the status (the notes still needs some work)
now am working on imporving these two apps and making them more usable and better
like you can edit tasks or notes
and the notes displaying would look better

### to use the app you should:
#### Download the repo:
```
git clone https://github.com/angryCar80/Multi-Order-App.git
```
#### get into the directory
You can change the files freely cause the app is under the MIT licenes
and to run it use the
```
zig build run
```

### LICENSE:
MIT LICENSES OFC
Here is the LICENSE file
== LICENSE.md == 


### Todo In the app:
i think that the user should have some settings saved in a js*n file
so this thing will take some time to implement
and now am focusing on the main app idea when i finish it ill move to the settings
and to the js*n settings thing 

## What I Canceled For The App:
i think that am going to remove the Date Option Cause Its Hard To Make For Me
and cause i dont know  how to use zig modules
So yea

Commit message:

feat: the app is working and updated README.md  file

README.md, after:

# Productivity App

### Why Am making this:
Cause Why not.
but the main reason is that zig is very fast and good, and i am a really big fan of it
am not using any zig libs (cause i don't know how to use zig libs) and i dont want to use some c libs
cause using C libs gives you that you are writing in C but with some new syntax
So using only zig


### Current Features
now you can go to the todo app section and now you can add todos toggle them, and you can go back to the main screen
and then choose the notes app and add notes change the status
i didnt improve these apps, but i added the search app but didnt test it (Big no)
and am still thinking of improving the apps

### to use the app you should:
#### Download the repo:
```
git clone https://github.com/angryCar80/Multi-Order-App.git
```

#### get into the directory
You can change the files freely cause the app is under the MIT licenes
and to run it use the

```
zig build run
```

### Note:
this app works only in linux and macos, but windows good luck running it
or just switch to linux

### Todo In the app:
i think that the user should have some settings saved in a js*n file
so this thing will take some time to implement
and now am focusing on the main app idea when i finish it ill move to the settings
and to the js*n settings thing 

## What I Canceled For The App:
i think that am going to remove the Date Option Cause Its Hard To Make For Me
and cause i dont know  how to use zig modules
but am comming back to this idea cause i just need to learn more about Zig
